( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
My husband is a pervert.
I really hope he gets hit by a car when he goes out.
My husband beats my daughter every day.
What should I do?
Sisters,
never get married in a flash.
Because you never know if the other person is a human or a ghost.
I was sexually assaulted.
And I was almost killed.
I really want to forget these terrible things.
But I just can't.
People who bully others should all die.
Narcissistic personality disorder is the most damned.
This is my idea for handling the case.
Dad.
I will definitely not let you down.
Captain Gu.
How is the investigation of the software going?
What software?
A software called Listen to Her
is inextricably linked to the copycat killer behind the scenes.
What connection?
Qi Xiaoling,
Lin Xiaoai,
Wang Yuanyuan,
and Xu Li
all downloaded that app.
They all poured out
their past experiences on it.
This person
most likely used this app to select targets.
Zhou Yu developed and operated this app.
When my master and I interrogated Zhou Yu,
he admitted to making this app.
But he refused to confess the connection between
the Scavenger copycat and this app.
How could Aunt Rong's IP address be on this?
Besides the IP address,
there are other clues pointing to her.
For example, in the tall crops.
Qiu Chen.
I knew you'd be here.
What's up?
An Rong came to bring you food again.
Go test her
and see if you can find a breakthrough.
As a psychological counselor,
it's normal for Aunt Rong to use that software.
It doesn't mean she's related to the Scavenger,
let alone prove she's the copycat killer.
But she is a major suspect.
She is my only relative.
What about your father?
What did you tell me right here?
You said this copycat
was inextricably linked to the Scavenger.
Once we catch her,
the truth will come to light.
But don't forget,
she is also a victim of the Scavenger case.
She was imprisoned for a month
and witnessed the Scavenger kill my father.
Tell me.
How twisted must a person's mind be
to become the person she hated
and feared the most?
I know you were very close,
but we are police officers.
We can't let our emotions dictate our cases.
You are too emotional.
We'll talk when you calm down.
An Rong.
You were my most promising student,
but how could you go astray?
Aunt Rong.
Hey.
Chen, you're here.
The wontons you brought me last time,
Zhai and the others ate them all.
I didn't get a single one.
When you have a day off,
I'll go to your house and make some for you.
Oh, Aunt Rong.
I have some good news for you.
I've joined
the Scavenger Task Force.
Zhai and the others told me.
It seems the bureau
thinks highly of you.
But no matter where you join,
I only care about your health.
Remember to eat on time,
and don't be like your dad,
who forgets to eat and sleep when he investigates a case.
You skipped a meal again.
Are you filling up on candy?
It's quite strange, actually.
I used to
really dislike this candy.
I always felt it tasted like medicine.
But since my dad passed away,
I don't know why,
I suddenly started to like it.
This candy
is quite refreshing.
In the past, when Mr. Qiu wanted to quit smoking,
he often ate this candy.
A few of us students also tried it.
It has a very special taste.
Hey,
Aunt Rong.
I've been reading books on criminal psychology lately.
I want to try to analyze
this copycat killer's
motive.
Any discoveries?
I found that
these cases
all have one thing in common.
These killers
were all once victims.
And their experiences
are quite sympathetic.
So I suspect
that the reason this copycat killer
helped them
is also out of sympathy.
I believe many people, after hearing Zhao Wen and her daughter's story,
will sympathize with them.
Including me.
When I counsel Qingqing,
I also put myself in Zhao Wen's shoes.
I imagine,
if I were Zhao Wen,
just how helpless
and desperate I must have been
to resort to crime.
Actually, every time I see Qingqing,
I have mixed feelings.
If we hadn't arrested Zhao Wen,
she wouldn't have lost her only protector.
They are pitiful people, too.
They just wanted to fight back,
but chose the wrong way
and went down a path of no return.
Don't worry.
Qingqing is doing pretty well now.
I counsel her every week.
Given the time,
she should be here soon.
Oh, right.
One more thing.
Go ahead.
This copycat killer,
does he also have some
experiences he doesn't want to recall?
Like the cases we have here:
domestic violence,
sexual assault,
school bullying,
or even emotional abuse.
Take a look at this book first.
There is a psychological term called
projective identification.
The Scavenger might project a part of himself
onto similar
victims.
This allows him to manipulate
and control others.
Studies show that
PTSD patients have a
higher rate of violent crime
than ordinary people.
Mr. An.
Brother Qiu.
Qingqing is here.
Qingqing.
How have you been lately?
I'm great.
I ranked first in the class on the midterm exam.
Is there anything you want to eat?
I'll take you.
Yeah.
I want to eat at that ramen place from last time.
Okay.
All right, Xiaochen.
I'll take her inside first.
Ah.
Are you okay, Aunt Rong?
I'm fine.
I sat for too long,
and my legs fell asleep.
Sit here for a while.
ALS.
It really is my dad's birthday.
Have you finished your homework today?
I've finished it.
You finished it? That's impressive.
Look how many books you brought.
Qingqing,
read by yourself here for a while.
Chen,
see if my phone is on the desk.
Oh.
Let me look for it.
Here it is.
I always forget things as I get older.
I'll head over first.
Okay.
We already know
the scavenger from ten years ago
was male.
But I suspect
this copycat scavenger
is female.
Tell me your basis.
The crime scenes of the first three cases
all showed this Nushu mark.
She seems
not to want to hide her gender.
Of course,
it's possible she's intentionally misleading us.
Secondly,
the victims in these cases
are basically all women.
The only male is Zhou Yu.
This copycat
must be able to empathize more with women.
Third,
the origins of these cases
are respectively
domestic violence,
sexual assault,
school bullying,
and emotional abuse.
The victims
are mostly women who have been hurt.
So I guess
this copycat
most likely
has a similar experience
as these victims.
Qingqing.
Every time I see you,
it's like seeing myself as a child.
You know what?
I also went through a lot of bad things when I was little.
But I grew up fine.
If I can do it,
you can too, right?
Really, Ms. An?
In the future,
I want to become an adult
who is as beautiful
and amazing as you.
Our Qingqing is already very beautiful and smart.
When you grow up,
you will definitely be more outstanding and amazing than me.
No, no.
Ms. An,
I'm not as good as you say.
Qingqing,
you need to be more confident.
Even if you don't believe in yourself,
you should believe me.
Right?
Yeah.
I
beg you.
Please don't break up with me.
Stop pestering me.
I was just playing with you because I was bored.
Let me tell you.
Men are very realistic.
Unlike you women,
who only think about love.
Ah.
You parentless bastard.
Stop acting so high and mighty.
Little girl,
have you seen your mom?
I know your mom.
Let me take you to find your mom, okay?
This person
hasn't only assaulted you.
As far as I know,
last month,
he assaulted another poor girl.
I'll give you a chance
to kill him with your own hands.
You want me to join you.
Yes.
You're smart indeed.
He didn't just hurt you.
For all these years,
he has hurt countless orphans like you.
Xiaochen.
You should recognize this place.
I'll wait for you here.
Come alone.
I will tell you
all the truth.
Why did you come up first?
Where is An Rong?
I don't know.
I just got here a step before you did.
Looks like she ran away.
Let's go. Hurry and notify the team
to make an arrest.
Ah.